much attention now because this case is
yesterday stjd absolved duke of
cations due to the irregular
player leandro chaves
the athlete had taken a yellow card
when I was still an ipatinga player
when he took 2 for the duke he should
comply automatic suspension
but the river club claimed they did not know
of the first card and climbed the player
which was suspended only after the third
card with the shirt of the duke of caxias is
more is this decision sets a precedent
which can change the rating of the series
Rio will the scaled midfield
in the game against goiás and
new understanding of the stj that it does not
could be in the field since there were
received the third yellow card at the
fluminense with this the tricolor would lose
three points in the classification and therefore
the title of Brazilian champion
we heard the stjd attorney general
paulo schmitt who commented the case
I do not believe there is a continuation until it's there.
technician with the technician until each
process a political technique based on
in jurisprudence but in reality
always there and everything is to discuss a title
was won on the playing field of the
form the handset and now opening precedent
for not only with the money though
studies always enjoying it all
grew up criticized the flood of
being a member of the gang would
60 days from the date of
dualities offers a kiss but the sound
it was chaos
who also spoke on the subject was the
lawyer joseph eduardo alckmin of the blog
cool soccer on globoesporte.com
the decision which benefited the Duke of
In my judgment, a decision
not technically correct but remained
kept consistency with all other
all other similar cases should be
be judged in the same way and there
effectively proving this is the
athlete's situation is strictly
identical position was actually played
of the future player of the Duke of Caxias
of the outcome of the case
the potential case cruise and Fluminense
telephone